This document is the user requirements specification for building a flow network application. 
This application allows the user to make a drawing sketch of a network for fuel transportion system. 
This application allows the user to simulate a network containing components including pump, 
sink, splitter, adjustable splitter and merger. 

Each of the components have their own attributes and functionalities and are meant to give a true
representation of components in an actual fuel transportation system. The pump represents the source
for such a system and has a maximum capacity and the currently utilized capacity set by the user in 
her simulation for the system. The sink similarly acts as a consumption point for the fuel network.
The other two remaining components are the splitter and merger. The splitter has two types, the adjustable
splitter and the regular splitter. The splitter acts as an objects that divides the flow in two separate
directions in the system. Whereas the regular splitter divides the flow evenly between two directions the
adjustable splitter allow the user to assign the fraction of the total flow in each direction. The merger
on the other hand combines the flow of two different pipelines into one single pipeline.

Together the components and their associated pipelines would allow the user to create a simulation for 
a network for the transportation of fuel. The application will help users connect and manage the amount of 
fuel of every pipeline. The application will give constant feedback on the flow of the system for each
pipeline, including checks on occurences of overflow. 

In the first section of this document, the functional requirements are represented by use-cases. 
The second section indicated user interface design of application. The last section introduces 
some non-functional requirements of this application.


Form Description:
The red area highlighted in the left side of the form is the toolbox. The toolbox gives the user access
to all the drawing tools that are available for creating a sketch of the fuel transport system. The user
may click on any of the buttons in the toolbox which activates the 